---
layout: post
title: "workin 5 to 9"
date: 2016-01-18 21:15:36 -0700
comments: false
categories: backbone, rails, new work, side work
---

I normally don't take on side work as evidenced by my statement in my [about page](/about.html). BUT. Certain people are an exception I'm more than willing to make, because I like working with them, and they don't take advantage of my abilities or time, and they are generally wonderful individuals who I like and respect.

So now that we've established that, I'm excitedly embarking on building a single-page portfolio app for a person who falls very much in the category of Morgan's Top Ten People She Knows IRL.

Our project kick-off was specialty beers and whiskeys at his house.

<iframe src="//giphy.com/embed/acdneJpXPPlUA" width="480" height="249" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>

Then he gave me 27 pages of beautiful and fully annotated wireframes and fleshed out design mocks. LOVE.

Fortunately like me he is the type who doesn't find Wordpress applicable to most scenarios despite what custom theme developers and people who don't know better often lead people to believe.*

I'm building this project in Ruby on Rails, because we need a secure login page, with Backbone.js for the multiple views => single page functionality. I did not feel this application warranted much heavier lifting than that, so yeah. There is the plan. I am trying to sway away from using a gem like `backbone-rails` and hand-roll the architecture myself. I also be using F212, a responsive scaffolding boilerplate thing I built a couple years ago to handle responsive radness.

Codebase is super top secret so will not be in my Github repo. I will be posting a link when the site is live, because it will be wicked awesome. This guy and I are like this when we collaborate and it really is the shit. I'm excited.

<iframe src="//giphy.com/embed/CDMz3fckRXXDG" width="480" height="269" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>

<br/><br/>


_* It is worth mentioning here: I fucking HATE Wordpress. I am a programmer, not an assembler. If you are on some level a WP advocate, please let us simply agree to disagree. I will try to keep my anti-WP snark to a bare minimum and not mention too much how it's completely ruined my life on several occasions._